---
layout: page
title: N plugin suite for Bukkit
category: bukkit
tagline: Also compatible with MCPC
tags: [bukkit, plugin]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

The N plugin suite is a pack of [Bukkit][] plugins designed to work with each other. They are as compatible as possible with mods. None of this plugin is released yet !
You can view the source of all plugins in the [NPlugins][] Github repository.

* **[NCore][]**
* **[NGeneral][]**
* **[NCuboid][]**
* **[NPlayer][]**
* **[NTalk][]**
* **[NDodgeball][]**
* **[NTheEndAgain][]**
* **[NEnchantingEgg][]**

This list will grow as ideas come.

Status definitions:
===================
Here I'll define some "codes" I use to give the status of a plugin dev.
+ **Indev:** This one means that there is an Eclipse project named with this plugin name in my Eclipse workspace, and that there are some classes in this project. That's all.
+ **Private Pre-Alpha:** This one means this plugin was actually compiled in a jar and tested on a local server, eventually with some working functionnalities. A lot of bugs are expected.
+ **Private Alpha:** This one means this plugin was actually compiled in a jar and used on my personal production server, but does not have all the functionnalities. Some bugs are expected.

I'll add new codes as I use them.


{% include JB/comments %}

<!--- Under this lines are links defined --->
[Bukkit]: http://bukkit.org "Bukkit Forums"

[NPlugins]: https://github.com/Ribesg/NPlugins "NPlugins Github repository"

[NCore]: /bukkit/NCore "NCore dedicated page"
[NGeneral]: /bukkit/NGeneral "NGeneral dedicated page"
[NCuboid]: /bukkit/NCuboid "NCuboid dedicated page"
[NPlayer]: /bukkit/NPlayer "NPlayer dedicated page"
[NDodgeball]: /bukkit/NDodgeball "NDodgeball dedicated page"
[NTheEndAgain]: /bukkit/NTheEndAgain "NTheEndAgain dedicated page"
[NEnchantingEgg]: /bukkit/NEnchantingEgg "NEnchantingEgg dedicated page"
[NTalk]: /bukkit/NTalk "NTalk dedicated page"

[TheEndAgain]: http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/n3w_theendagain/ "TheEndAgain on BukkitDev"
[MagicEgg]: http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/magicegg/ "MagicEgg on BukkitDev"